---
icon: star
cover: .gitbook/assets/StarSeeds Command Bridge GIF 5MB.gif
coverY: 36.73629629629633
layout:
  cover:
    visible: true
    size: hero
  title:
    visible: true
  description:
    visible: false
  tableOfContents:
    visible: true
  outline:
    visible: true
  pagination:
    visible: true
---

# Introducing the StarSeeds Protocol

### The StarSeeds Protocol is a DeFi platform that connects users with high-yielding strategies, transforming volatility into revenue through a regenerative system of tax-on-transfer tokens, liquidity pools, and yield-bearing NFTs.

## ★ **STARV4** ★&#x20;

**STARV4** is the StarSeeds Protocol's flagship token and a new kind of cryptocurrency index token that derives its value from a DAO-governed liquidity pool network index of top cryptocurrencies like BTC, ETH, USDC, LINK, MATIC, and exceptional small-cap tokens with good tokenomics, new technology applications, and many times higher upside than downside. Examples: GHST, GEOD, IXT, DIMO, OM.

_**STARV4 features four major technological innovations that substantially increase the value and effectiveness of STARV4 compared to standard index tokens.**_

**1- Liquidity Pool Smart Contract Technology**&#x20;

STARV4 Index Tokens such as WBTC, WETH, and OM that back the value of STARV4 are held in a diverse network of liquidity pools including Uniswap V2, Balancer V2, DodoX V2, and ALGB V3.5 factory-generated contracts.

The network of liquidity pools backing STARV4 is optimized by the StarSeeds DAO to maximize trade volume and LP swap fees from automated arbitrage batch swaps that occur due to ongoing shifts in the value of tokens that back STARV4.

StarSeeds Protocol-Owned Liquidity Pools automatically compound trading fees into backing the value of STARV4. This increases the value of STARV4 significantly over the average value of the STARV4 token index.

**Historical STARV4 LP Trading Fees average over 30% APR.**&#x20;

**2- Adaptive Burn-on-Transfer Fee**&#x20;

STARV4 features an adjustable burn fee that is optimized according to market conditions by the StarSeeds DAO between a rate of 0.04-2%.

This burn fee perpetually reduces the circulating supply and total supply of STARV4 according to trade volume.

Furthermore, the burn fee adds revenue to the STARV4 Liquidity Pool network. For every $1 of STARV4 burned, a corresponding $1 in another token in the STARV4 index is added to the total liquidity reserves.

The reduced supply and increased backing of STARV4 generated by the STARV4 burn fee further increase the value of STARV4 compared to the average value of tokens in the STARV4 Index.

**3- DAO Community Optimized Index**&#x20;

The index of tokens backing STARV4 is continuously optimized according to market conditions.

The StarSeeds DAO rewards signal providers that assist in finding new tokens, and buying and selling already held tokens according to market conditions, events, and TA.

The StarSeeds Council of Experts decides on exact LP and token strategies that are then voted upon by the StarSeeds DAO.

Voters and experts are rewarded depending on the effectiveness of their choices and strategies.

StarSeeds Protocol aims to be the most effective index in the world by harnessing the power of collective intelligence and data, alongside artificial intelligence and immutable code.

**4- Solid Tokenomics**&#x20;

STARV4 tokenomics are simple. 5% of STARV4 vested for the team over 4 years. The remaining 95% is initially held in the StarSeeds Protocol Multisig. From there STARV4 is paired with other tokens in the STARV4 Index and deposited into liquidity pools.

STARV4 has not had and will never have a pre-sale, ICO, token generation event, or airdrop. STARV4 in circulation is backed by an equivalent amount of STARV4 Index tokens. As more STARV4 is purchased, an equivalent amount of Index Tokens are placed into liquidity pools.

While STARV4 does increase in value from user purchases, much of the increase in value from purchases is converted into expanding liquidity reserves. Likewise, when STARV4 is sold, those same liquidity reserves are emptied. This drastically reduces the volatility of STARV4 related to user buys/sells, which protects STARV4 holders from large decreases in value from whales exiting the ecosystem.

The majority of STARV4’s market value comes from the average value of its index combined with STARV4 liquidty pool trading fees and burn fees.

This means STARV4 inherently mitigates pump and dump value movements while generally reducing downside.

### ★ **Additional Smart Contract Technologies Maintained by the StarSeeds Protocol**&#x20;

**1- Yield Derivative Tokens**&#x20;

**MATIC-SS/USD-SS** and Other DeFi Yield Derivative Tokens Appreciate in value continuously compared to the original, similar to MaticX and stMATIC.

Unlike similar yield derivative tokens that stake to secure the security of a chain, S Tokens stake the original token into liquidity pools for usage in DEX trading.

The compounded fees from protocol-owned S-Token liquidity combined with a 0.24% tax on transfer fee increase the relative value over time of SS tokens relative to the underlying token.

SS-Token contracts are generated by the DODOX token factory contract audited by Certik, Slowmist, and Peckshield.

LP contracts are generated by UNIV3, ALGEBRA V3.5, DODOX 2.0 Stableswap, Curve 2.0 Cryptoswap, and Balancer V2 weighted pool factory contracts audited by OpenZeppelin, Certora, Trail of Bits, CerTik, Sherlock, and other top agencies.

**2- Origin Relic Real Yield NFTs**

Provide holders with a growing regenerative stream of tokens that originate from STARV4 and STARGOV Token tax-on-transfer fees that are automatically generated via arbitrage trading optimized liquidity pools and then distributed through contracts generated GYSR V2 NFT token streaming factory contracts.

Each Relic distributes 1/10,000th of all StarSeeds Protocol Token Transfer taxes.

GYSR V2 contracts audited by Certik and other agencies.

Origin Relic NFT contract generated via HeyMint NFT factory contract factory audited by Zitgur.

**3- Liquidity-as-a-Service**&#x20;

Up to $100K in STARV4 liquidity for approved protocols at no up-front-cost. Fees are permanently compounded, providing growing buying pressure and trade volume for your protocol token.







