# Smart Contract Services

### **Smart Contract Technologies Maintained by the StarSeeds Protocol**&#x20;

1 - STARV4 Index Token\
STARV4 is a new kind of cryptocurrency index token that derives it's value from a DAO governed liquidity pool network index of top cryptocurrencies like BTC/ETH/USDC/LINK/MATIC and exceptional small cap tokens with good tokenomics, new technology applications, and many times higher expected upside than downside.

**1- Yield Derivative Tokens**&#x20;

**BTC-SS/ETH-SS** and Other DeFi Yield Derivative Tokens Appreciate in value continuously compared to the original, similar to wstETH and MaticX.

Unlike similar yield derivative tokens that stake to secure the security of a chain, SS Tokens stake the original token into liquidity pools for usage in DEX trading.

The compounded fees from protocol-owned SS-Token liquidity combined with a 0.24% tax on transfer fee increase the relative value over time of SS tokens relative to the underlying token.

SS-Token contracts are generated by the DODOX token factory contract audited by Certik, Slowmist, and Peckshield.

LP contracts are generated by UNIV3, ALGEBRA V3.5, DODOX 2.0 Stableswap, Curve 2.0 Cryptoswap, and Balancer V2 weighted pool factory contracts audited by OpenZeppelin, Certora, Trail of Bits, CerTik, Sherlock, and other top agencies.

**2- Origin Relic Real Yield NFTs**

Provide holders with a growing regenerative stream of tokens that originate from STARV4 and STARGOV Token tax-on-transfer fees that are automatically generated via arbitrage trading optimized liquidity pools and then distributed through contracts generated GYSR V2 NFT token streaming factory contracts.

Each Relic distributes 1/10,000th of all StarSeeds Protocol Token Transfer taxes.

GYSR V2 contracts audited by Certik and other agencies.

Origin Relic NFT contract generated via HeyMint NFT factory contract factory audited by Zitgur.

**3- Liquidity-as-a-Service**&#x20;

Up to $100K in STARV4 liquidity for approved protocols at no up-front-cost. Fees are permanently compounded, providing growing buying pressure and trade volume for protocol tokens.
