# STARV4's Major Technological Innovations

## STARV4 features four major technologial innovations that substantially increase the value of STARV4 compared to standard tokens.

1. **Revenue-Optimized Liquidity Pool Smart Contract Technology.** \
   \
   STARV4 Index tokens such as WBTC/WETH/OM that back the value of STARV4 are held in a diverse network of liquidity pools including Uniswap V2, Balancer V2, DodoX V2, and ALGB V3.5 factory generated contracts.\
   \
   The network of liquidity pools backing STARV4 is optimized by the StarSeeds DAO in order to maximize trade volume and LP swap fees from automated arbitrage batch swaps that occur due to ongoing shifts in the value of tokens that back STARV4. \
   \
   StarSeeds Protocol owned liquidity pools automatically compound trading fees into backing the value of STARV4. This increases the value of  STARV4 significantly over the average value of tokens in the STARV4 index.\

2. **Adaptive Burn-on-Transfer Fee.**\
   \
   STARV4 features an adjustable burn fee that is optimized according to market conditions by the StarSeeds DAO between a rate of 0.04-2%.\
   \
   This burn fee perpetually reduces the circulating supply and total supply of STARV4 according to STARV4 trade volume. \
   \
   Furthermore, the burn fee adds revenue to the STARV4 Liquidity Pool network, for every $1 of STARV4 burned, a corresponding $1 in another token in the STARV4 index is added to the total liquidity reserves.\
   \
   The reduced supply and increased backing of STARV4 generated by the STARV4 burn fee further increases the value of STARV4 compared to the average token value in the STARV4 Index.\

3. **DAO Community Optimized Cryptocurrency Index.**\
   \
   The index of tokens backing STARV4 is continuously optimized according to market conditions. \
   \
   The StarSeeds DAO rewards signal providers that assist in finding new tokens, and trading already held tokens according to market conditions, events and technical analysis.\
   \
   The StarSeeds Council of wExperts decides on exact liquidity pools and token strategies that are then voted upon by the StarSeeds DAO.\
   \
   Voters and experts are rewarded depending on the effectiveness of their choices and strategies.\
   \
   StarSeeds Protocol aims to be the most effective index in the world by harnessing the power of collective intelligence and data, alongside artificial intelligence and immutable code.\

4. **Value Appreciation-Optimized Tokenomics**.\
   \
   STARV4 tokenomics are simple. 25% of STARV4 vested for team and seed investors over 4 years. The remaining 75% is initially held in the StarSeeds Protocol Multisig. From there STARV4 is paired with other tokens in the STARV4 index and deposited into liquidity pools.\
   \
   STARV4 has not had and will never have a pre-sale, ICO, token generation event, or airdrop. \
   \
   STARV4 in circulation is backed by an equivalent amount of STARV4 Index tokens. As more STARV4 is purchased, an equivalent amount of Index tokens are placed into liquidity pools.\
   \
   While STARV4 does increase in value from user purchases, much of the increase in value from purchases is converted into expanding liquidity reserves. Likewise when STARV4 is sold, those same liquidity reserves are emptied. This drastically reduces the volatility of STARV4 related to user buys/sells. Which protects STARV4 holders from large decreases in value from users exiting the STARV4 ecosystem.\
   \
   The majority of STARV4's market value increase comes from the average value of its index combined with STARV4 liquidity pools trading fees and burn fees.\
   \
   This means STARV4 inherently mitigates pump and dump value movements, while also mitigating token holder drawdown (temporary loss) during bearish market movements.&#x20;
