# STARGOV

STARGOV (SSG) tokens are used to vote in the [StarSeeds Protocol DAO on Aragon](https://app.aragon.org/#/daos/polygon/0x81b81cbd54ba217127ff18c2a9a74dc5f09ab392/dashboard) regarding the management of the StarSeed's Protocol Treasury. \
\
STARGOV Contract Address: [0x6c0E4B7a9cc2a3A570D63061f3e8589B192F5FbD](https://polygonscan.com/token/0x6c0e4b7a9cc2a3a570d63061f3e8589b192f5fbd)\
\
SSG tokens can be used to generate a yield by voting in the StarSeeds DAO. Voters are granted retroactive transfers of SSG tokens according to each user's voting weight, the number of proposals voted upon, and the financial outcome of each user's voting choices. \
\
Users that vote for treasury optimization options that perform over average are granted the majority of SSG token yield. Holding more SSG tokens multiplies your vote-yield. A small portion of SSG is granted to all users regardless of how their choices perform. \
\
SSG tokens are regeneratively backed by StarSeed's Liquidity Protocol, through 3 major revenue streams. \
\
1\. SSG tokens are 70%+ backed by STARV4 tokens, making the value of SSG highly correlated to STARV4. The majority of StarSeed's Liquidity Protocol's revenues are compounded into increasing the value of STARV4, and thus also SSG tokens.&#x20;

2\. 10% of all tax-on-transfer fees generated by StarSeed's Liquidity Protocol's native tokens are used to buy and burn SSG tokens.&#x20;

3\. SSG tokens are 25% backed by SSG+ tokens. SSG+ tokens are a deflationary yield bearing wrapper for SSG tokens with a 3% burn-on-transfer and a 1% tax-on-transfer. SSG+ tokens are backed by a liquidity pool network of pools with STARV4, WBTC, BTC-SS, LINK, LINK-SSS and a small basket of high-upside, extremely volatile meme/gamefi tokens. \
\
As SSG+ tokens are automatically traded due to price changes in the tokens backing it, SSG+ tokens are burned at a high rate, which increases their value, and also the value of SSG tokens, due to more and more SSG tokens being bought from circulation to be sold into the SSG-SSG+ liquidity pool. \
\
SSG+ Contract Address: [0xE79698fa29f757b357201de15A8fF5B5888fa5FB](https://polygonscan.com/address/0xe79698fa29f757b357201de15a8ff5b5888fa5fb)
